# Ministry of Games – Internal Policy

M.O.G. Official Internal Policy - V6

## Definitions

  - Definitions replicate that of the Terms of Membership or Staff,
    where appliciable.

  - “Audit” – the record of each type of chip a Member has.
    
      - For this document’s purposes, an audit is to be considered
        provided or documented if they provide a clear image of their
        total chips, or (preferably and) a count of how many each chips
        there are. There is no requirement for the bot to immediately
        accept this audit, however it MUST eventually be accepted by the
        Division Head as valid.

## Appointment of Roles

Any authority vested into the M.O.G. MAY be distrubited to Employees of
the Ministry Of Games, to the discretion of the Division Head.
Additionally, the ability to distribute certain authorities MAY further
be distributed.

## Dealer Policy

Any M.O.G. Member MAY be a Dealer. All Dealers MUST be M.O.G. Employees.

For the following, it is advised (unless they ‘MUST’ or ‘MUST NOT’) that
the dealer:

### Blackjack

  - Deal in a clockwise rotation, starting to the player on their left
    
      - It is left to the Dealer’s discretion as to whether they place
        one card (in two passes), or immediately give two cards per
        player.

  - Deal their first card face up, and their second card face down,
    then:
    
      - If the face-up card is an Ace, the dealer MUST handle insurance
        prior to any other action.
    
      - If the card is an Ace or a Ten Card, the Dealer MUST check their
        second card to check whether they have 21 or blackjack
        
          - If they do have blackjack, they SHOULD show as much, then
            take any bets of players who do not have 21, and allow
            players that do to take their bet back.
            
              - Players are not permitted to surrender at this instance.
        
          - If they do not play blackjack, the second card SHOULD NOT be
            shown and play SHOULD continue.

  - Handle each player as per what the players are permitted to do in
    the Membership terms.

### Poker

  - Deal in a clockwise rotation, starting to the player on their left.

  - If the game is a blinds game, then the dealer MUST NOT deal the flop
    cards at this point
    
      - The flop cards CAN be dealt after the pre-flop betting has
        finished.

  - Take in any bets after each round has finished, and then deal the
    next community card.

## Casino Wiki

Accessible at
[<span class="underline">https://masterlist.uk.ms/wiki/</span>](https://masterlist.uk.ms/wiki/)
[, the Bot’s wiki holds information related to the Casino and the
bot.]()

The wiki is administrated by the Ministry of Games, but is editable by
anyone who creates an account.

The following rewards will be made for performing the actions described:

  - **25 chips**: For creating an account and leaving a signed message
    on Bob123’s talk page

  - **50 chips**: For making a useful/constructive edit (including
    creating a page and starting something on it)

  - **75 chips**: For making major contributions towards a new page (see
    the tutorial)

  - **100 chips**: For fully completely to an adequate standard an
    entire page (for example, a whole section within the tutorial)

Discretion to give these rewards is given solely to the Division Head
and may be withheld until conditions are met.

## Other Areas

### Audits

Upon creation, Abdul is appointed to Lead Investigator of the Audit
Investigation.

Audits MUST be performed by each member, and SHOULD be encouraged to be
performed as soon as is practically possible.

Any Member who fails to submit an audit prior to 6pm on the Sunday that
the audit is for, SHOULD be issued a citation:

  - If the Audit is eventually given on the Sunday, but past the
    deadline, then a citation SHALL be issed of no more than 100 chips.

  - If the Audit is not given, then it MUST be performed on Monday, or
    the next day of games, prior to any games being performed. A
    citation SHALL be issued of no more than 500 chips.

  - If the Audit is, for reasons solely determined to be the fault of
    the Member, not performed on the next available day, then it MUST be
    performed as soon as possible afterwards, and a citation of no more
    than 1000, and no less than 200 chips, be issued.

Members SHALL also be required to submit a clear photo/image of their
chips to verify that the count is correct – both for initial acceptance
of the audit, and for any future instances that would require such
evidence. Images MUST be provided.

Members who wilfully disregard the requirement to perform audits, or who
wilfully and intentfully disregard the requirement of image verification
SHALL have a minimum 50% increase to their citation – with no maximum
other than what is stated in the Membership Terms.

The Lead Investigator MAY be removed from their position, for any
reason, by the Division Head.

### Blinds vs Antes

The number of ante games performed per day will be:

\(n = x\)

Where *n* is the number of games player, and *x* is the number of M.O.G.
officials that want another ante game to be played.

All other games will either be blind poker games, or blackjack.

### Miscellaneous / Other Descisions

Input from all other indivduals SHALL be considered by the Division Head
to provide a fair and balanaced outcome, as per the scenario – on a case
by case basis.

<span class="underline"></span>

## Modification of this Policy

1.  This Policy MAY be modified at any time for any reason, by the
    Division Head.

2.  The new update to the policy applies instantly
